Now, welcome to the final project of the camera costs.
By completing all the lessons,
you now have a solid understanding of key point detectors,
of descriptors, and methods to mention between successive images.
Also you know how to detect objects in an image using the Yellow Deep Learning Framework.
Finally, you know how to associate regions in
the camera image with lattice points in free-space.
Let's take a look at our program schematic to see what we already have accomplished,
and what's still missing.
So let's take a look at the structure of the coding framework.
What we already have accomplished in the first part of this course
is we have accomplished writing code about key point detection and key point matching.
That's the yellow rectangle on the right side here,
which displays the program flow.
The first thing which happens is we load images and for ring buffer,
and then we distribute those images to various places throughout the coding framework.
The first is detect image key points,
then we extract key-point descriptors,
and then we match those key point descriptors which gives us matches,
but over time between neighboring images.
But over the entire image are not clustered to object
as we would like it to have at the end in order to compute the TTC.
So key point matches exist in every image and they are not bound to any objects.
The second thing we did in the second part of this course is we looked
at detection and classification of objects using the other framework,
which gives us a set of bounding boxes.
Well, at least it gives us a set of rectangles which
regions of interest in 2D coordinates,
but we do create our data structure bounding boxes after classifying those objects,
and we assign the regions of interest as the first members of those bounding boxes.
Then we augment those bounding boxes by associating to them
the respective Lidar points from
the entire data point Cloud which were also loaded from file,
and this startup path here.
By the end of step number 4,
we have a cluster of bounding boxes augmented with
Lidar points which now contains both information about location of objects,
vehicles in this case, in the image,
as well as the respective 3D Lidar points.
That's basically what we have working so far.
So the midterm project was the point where
you already learned about using different key point detectors,
using key point descriptors,
and also looking at different matching methods.
We're going to take this one step further.
Now, we are going to complete what's missing in the entire framework,
which is the tracking of 3D object bounding boxes over time.
So we need to associate bounding boxes between neighboring frames by
looking at the key point correspondences within those bounding boxes.
That's one of the first tasks you will need to
complete in this project track 3D objects over time.
Once you have succeeded in doing so,
what you will then do is you will compute the time to
collision for the object right in front of the sensor in the ego line.
So we're going to focus a little bit only on the ego line,
not left, not right line, but only ego line.
We're going to compute both the camera base time to collision,
as well as the Lidar based time to collision.
That's the final goal of this project.
So take this piece of code here,
take this piece of code there, plug it altogether,
and that's the basis for the final project,
which we will look at very shortly and the Student version of a code.
Your job is to implement those missing pieces here so that we can get
to the end with stable estimates of time to collision both from the camera,
as well as from the Lidar sensor.
Now, in this final project,
you will implement the missing parts of the schematic.
In the following days, you will complete four major tasks.
First, you will develop a way to match
3D objects over time by using key point correspondences.
Second, you will compute the time to collision based on Lidar measurements alone.
Third, you will then proceed to do the same thing using the camera,
but which requires you to associate key-point matches to regions of
interest and then to compute time to collision based on those matches.
Lastly, you will conduct various tests for the framework.
Your goal is to identify the most suitable
detect descriptor combination for time to collision estimation and
also to search for problems that can lead to
40 measurements by the camera over the Lidar sensor.
The last course of this auto degree,
you will learn about the Kalman Filter,
which is a great way to combine the two independent time to collision measurements,
into an improved version,
which is much more reliable than a single sensor alone can be.
But before we think about such things,
let us focus on your final project and the camera costs for now.
I wish you all the best for it.
We're all looking forward to receiving your solutions very soon.